refactor: group (#526)
oceanroleplay/discord.ts: docs/docs/decorators/commands/slashgroup.md

## Signature

```ts
// Create a new group or subgroup
SlashGroup(options: SlashGroupOptions): ClassDecoratorEx

> // (Level 1) Assign slashes to the group
> SlashGroup(name: string): ClassMethodDecorator
> 
> // (Level 2) Assign slashes to the group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Assign slashes to a group
SlashGroup(name: string): ClassMethodDecorator

// Assign slashes to a subgroup
```
